feat: add TabPanel (#17263)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/options.txt

	  diff		'-'		deleted lines of the 'diff' option
	  eob		'~'		empty lines below the end of a buffer
	  lastline	'@'		'display' contains lastline/truncate

> 	  tabsidebar	' '		vertical separators for tabsidebar

Reviewer: I am slightly confused, what is tabsidebar used for? From the screenshot it looks like `vert` is used for the tabsidebar delimiter? Also tabsidebar is missing in the below table about the highlighting group being used.

Reviewer 2: ```vim
set fillchar=vert:\|
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fa0954ea-bc98-4f1e-9698-415115cc45f0)
```vim
set fillchar=vert:\|,tabsidebar:\|
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6ea9385d-b87d-4bc8-a296-e3defa0636dc)

A user might want a vertical split character for windows, but not for tabsidebar.
To achieve this, we can specify each separately.

Reviewer: thanks, makes sense

	Maximum number of tab pages to be opened by the |-p| command line
	argument or the ":tab all" command. |tabpage|

				*'tabpanel'* *'tpl'* *g:actual_curtabpage*
'tabpanel' 'tpl'			string	(default empty)
			global
			{not in Vi}
	When non empty, this option determines the content of the tabpanel.
	The option consists of printf style '%' items interspersed with
	normal text, similar to the 'statusline' or 'tabline'.

	You can use |g:actual_curtabpage| within a function assigned to
	tabpanel. |g:actual_curtabpage| represents current tab's label number.
	This option can contain line breaks.
>
	set tabpanel=%!TabPanel()
	function! TabPanel() abort
	  return printf("(%2d)\\n  %%f", g:actual_curtabpage)
	endfunction
<
	The result is:
>
	+-----------+---------------------------------
	|(1)        |
	|  ~/aaa.txt|
	|(2)        |
	|  ~/.vimrc |
	|           |
	|           |
	|           |
<

					*'tabpanelopt* *'tplo'*
'tabpanelopt' 'tplo'		string	(default "")
			global
			{not in Vi}

> 	Option settings for diff mode.  It can consist of the following items.

Reviewer 3: `'tabpanel'`, not diff mode

	All are optional.  Items must be separated by a comma.

		align:{text}	Specified the position of tabpanel.

> 				Currently supported position are:

Reviewer 3: typo: position should be positions (maybe 'values' instead?)

				left	left-aligned
				right	right-aligned

				(default "left")

> 		columns:{n}	Use the size (in char) of TabPanel.

Reviewer 3: We should use either 'TabPanel' or 'tabpanel' consistently. I think lowercase is in line with the rest of the file, or maybe even 'tab panel'?

> 				The TabPenel is never shown when using zero

Reviewer 3: typo: TabPenel should be tabpanel

				or less than the size of Vim window.
				(default 20)

		vert:{n}	Use a vertical separator for TabPanel.

> 				This vertical separator must be 1 byte

Reviewer 3: must be a single-byte character (single-byte is used elsewhere in the file)

				character.
				(default off)

		wrap		How the content of tabpanel is displayed.

> 				When on, each lines of the content longer

Reviewer 3: typo: lines should be line

> 				than the size of TabPenel will wrap and

Reviewer 3: typo: TabPenel should be tabpanel

				displaying continues on the next line.
				When off, each lines of the content will not

> 				wrap and only part of long one will be

Reviewer 3: typo: lines should be line

'part of  long one` should probably be 'part of long lines'

	Maximum number of tab pages to be opened by the |-p| command line
	argument or the ":tab all" command. |tabpage|

				*'tabsidebar'* *'tsb'* *g:actual_curtabpage*
'tabsidebar' 'tsb'			string	(default empty)
			global
			{not in Vi}
	When non empty, this option determines the content of the tabsidebar.
	The option consists of printf style '%' items interspersed with

> 	normal text, similar to the |'statusline'| or |'tabline'|.

Reviewer 4: `'~'` alone will create a link, so `|~|` is not necessary.

> 	You can use |g:actual_curtabpage| within a function assigned to

Reviewer 5: The name `g:actual_curtabpage` looks a bit off. Actual and current? 

And shouldn't it be not global but, `v:tabpagenr` available when tabsidbar option is set up? Or even `v:lnum` which is available for `guitablabel`?

Reviewer 2: This follows like `g:actual_curbuf` or `g:actual_curwin`.

Reviewer 5: I see

> 	tabsidebar. |g:actual_curtabpage| represents current tab's label number.

Reviewer 4: The styles are wrong.
See ':h help-writing'.
```
Vim help files generally use 2 spaces after a sentence
```

You may want to review and correct the documentation you added.

	This option can contain line breaks.
>
	set tabsidebar=%!TabSideBar()
	function! TabSideBar() abort
	  return printf("(%2d)\\n  %%f", g:actual_curtabpage)
	endfunction
<
	The result is:
>
	+-----------+---------------------------------
	|(1)        |
	|  ~/aaa.txt|
	|(2)        |
	|  ~/.vimrc |
	|           |
	|           |
	|           |
<

					*'tabsidebaralign'* *'tsba'*
					*'notabsidebaralign'* *'notsba'*
'tabsidebaralign' 'tsba'		boolean	(default off)
			global
			{not in Vi}
	The value of this option specifies the position of tabsidebar:
		off: left-aligned

> 		on: right-aligned

Reviewer: Does this mean: on the left vs on the right of the Vim window?

Reviewer 2: ```vim
set notabsidebaralign
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/686075f3-7a7c-4049-88c2-0e1a160462b6)
```vim
set tabsidebaralign
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/61a842e6-9d94-4de8-9099-d3ff0206e45d)

The tabsidebar can be positioned on the left or right.

BTW, we can consider other specification.  For example:

```vim
set tabsidebaralign=left
set tabsidebaralign=right
" Or changing name?
set tabsidebarpos=left
set tabsidebarpos=right
```

What do you think about this?

Reviewer 3: I think it would be best for the option to be something like ~~`tabpanelpos`~~ `tabpanelopts`, and for it to be a string option, not a boolean. A string option allows for expansion in the future, but a boolean essentially locks you in and might necessitate introducing even another option if the feature is to be expanded in the future.

~~`tabpanelpos`~~ `tabpanelopts` is a more general name that might better describe this, especially if the options for configuring it expand in the future. I can think of several that someone might want to implement eventually: suppose a year from now someone wants the option for the tabpanel to be a popup that can be shown and hidden with a keypress, somewhat similar to how the preview window can be either a regular window or a popup window right now. A string option would allow configuring this, but a boolean wouldn't. Honestly I think the whole name TabSideBar should be changed to TabPanel.

Reviewer: Makes sense. We could also add the columns size there

					*'tabsidebarcolumns'* *'tsbc'*
					*'notabsidebarcolumns'* *'notsbc'*
'tabsidebarcolumns' 'tsbc'		number	(default 0)
			global
			{not in Vi}

> 	When bigger than zero, this option determines the content of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	When bigger than zero, this option determines the size (in chars) of
```

Reviewer: What is when it is zero?

Reviewer 2: Tabsidebar is never shown when `tabsidebarcolumns=0`.

Reviewer: needs doc ;)

	tabsidebar at the left of the Vim window.

> 	|'tabsidebarcolumns'| is the column size of tabsidebar.

Reviewer 4: Ditto.

						*'tabsidebarwrap'* *'tsbw'*
'tabsidebarwrap' 'tsbw'		boolean	(default off)
			global
			{not in Vi}
	This option changes how the content of tabsidebar is displayed.

> 	When on, each lines of the content longer than |'tabsidebarcolumns'|

Reviewer 4: Ditto.

	Maximum number of tab pages to be opened by the |-p| command line
	argument or the ":tab all" command. |tabpage|

				*'tabpanel'* *'tpl'* *g:actual_curtabpage*
'tabpanel' 'tpl'			string	(default empty)
			global
			{not in Vi}
	When non empty, this option determines the content of the tabpanel.
	The option consists of printf style '%' items interspersed with
	normal text, similar to the 'statusline' or 'tabline'.

	You can use |g:actual_curtabpage| within a function assigned to
	tabpanel. |g:actual_curtabpage| represents current tab's label number.
	This option can contain line breaks.
>
	set tabpanel=%!TabPanel()
	function! TabPanel() abort

> 	  return printf("(%2d)\\n  %%f", g:actual_curtabpage)

Reviewer 4: There was no line break at `\\n`. There was a line break at `\n`. right?
```suggestion
	  return printf("(%2d)\n  %%f", g:actual_curtabpage)
```

	|           |
<

					*'tabpanelopts* *'tplo'*

> 'tabpanelopts' 'tplo'		string	(default "")

Reviewer 4: 'tabpanelopt'. Not 'tabpanelopts'.
Currently, there are many option names ending in opt, but no option names ending in opts.

```
:h *opt'@en<C-D>
'mopt'            'culopt'          'completeopt'     'breakindentopt'
'popt'            'diffopt'         'messagesopt'
'briopt'          'scrollopt'       'cursorlineopt'
:h *opts'@en<C-D>
:h *opts'@en
```
